200-ACCDEV-20-EN-M03SG
<>
49
 of 49
+-<->
Fechar
40Module summary In summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•Describe how Amazon S3 can be used as a storage solution•Identify features and components of Amazon S3•Describe two ways to protect data in Amazon S3•Describe the function of S3 object operations•Explain how to manage access to Amazon S3 resources•Develop with Amazon S3 by using the AWS SDKsIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•Describe how Amazon S3 can be used as a storage solution•Identify features and components of Amazon S3•Describe two ways to protect data in Amazon S3•Describe the function of S3 object operations•Explain how to manage access to Amazon S3 resources•Develop with Amazon S3 by using the AWS SDKsAWS Training and Certification Module 3: Developing Storage Solutions © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 44 
42Sample exam questionCompany salespeople upload their sales figures daily. A solutions architect needs a durable storage solution for these documents that also protects against users accidentally deleting important documents.Which action will protect against unintended user actions?Identify the key words and phrases before continuing.The following are the key words and phrases:•Durable storage solution•protects against users accidentally deletingIt is important to fully understand the scenario and question being asked before even reading the answer choices. Find the keywords in this scenario and question that will help you find the correct answer.AWS Training and Certification Module 3: Developing Storage Solutions © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 46 
43Sample exam question: Response choicesCompany salespeople upload their sales figures daily. A solutions architect needs a durable storage solutionfor these documents that also protects against users accidentally deleting important documents.Which action will protect against unintended user actions?ChoiceResponseStore data in an EBS volume and create snapshots once a week.Store data in an S3 bucket and enable versioning.Store data in two S3 buckets in different AWS Regions.Store data on EC2 instance storage.ABCDNow that we have bolded the keywords in this scenario, let us look at the answers.AWS Training and Certification Module 3: Developing Storage Solutions © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 47 
44Sample exam question: AnswerThe correct answer is B.ChoiceResponseStore data in an EBS volume and create snapshots once a week.Store data in an S3 bucket and enable versioning.Store data in two S3 buckets in different AWS Regions.Store data on EC2 instance storage.ABCDThe correct answer is B: Store data in an S3 bucket and enable versioning.Amazon S3 is a durable storage solution that the solutions architect can use to store files. To help ensure that users don’t delete important documents, the solutions architect can enable versioning on the bucket.AWS Training and Certification Module 3: Developing Storage Solutions © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 48 
45Thank youCorrections, feedback, or other questions?Contact us at https://support.aws.amazon.com/#/contacts/aws-academy.Thank you for completing this module.AWS Training and Certification Module 3: Developing Storage Solutions © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 49 
