Course objectives•Recall cloud computing services and models•Describe developing on AWS•Write code that interacts with Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) by using AWS SDKs•Explain the role of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)•Write code that interacts with Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS SDKs•Create a REST API by using Amazon API Gateway•Create functions with AWS Lambda by using AWS SDKs•Configure containers•Explain caching with Amazon CloudFront and Amazon ElastiCache•Develop solutions with Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)•Describe the use of AWS Step Functions•Explain how to build secure applications•Identify best practices for deploying applicationsAfter completing this course, you will be ableto do the following:•Recall cloud computing services and models•Describe developing on Amazon Web Services (AWS)•Write code that interacts with Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) by using AWS SDKs•Explain the role of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)•Write code that interacts with Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS SDKs•Create a REST API by using Amazon API Gateway•Create functions with AWS Lambda by using AWS SDKs•Configure containers•Explain caching with Amazon CloudFront and Amazon ElastiCache•Develop solutions with Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)•Describe the use of AWS Step Functions•Explain how to build secure applications•Identify best practices for deploying applicationsAWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 8 
6Course outline•Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing (this module)•Module 2: Introduction to Developing on AWS•Module 3: Developing Storage Solutions•Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources•Module 5: Developing Flexible NoSQL Solutions •Module 6: Developing REST APIs•Module 7: Developing Event-Driven Serverless Solutions•Module 8: Introducing Containers and Container Services•Module 9: Caching Information for Scalability•Module 10: Developing with Messaging Services•Module 11: Defining Workflows to Orchestrate Functions•Module 12: Developing Secure Applications on AWS•Module 13: Automating Deployment Using CI/CD Pipelines•Module 14: Bridging to CertificationTo achieve the course objectives, the course consists of the 14 modules that are listed on the slide. The next slides provide more detail on what subtopics each module covers.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 9 
7Module 2: Introduction to Developing on AWSModule sections1.Introduction2.Systems development lifecycle3.Steps to get started developing on AWS4.Fundamentals of working with the AWS SDKsModule labExploring AWS CloudShelland an IDEModule 2 covers the following topics:1.Introduction2.Systems development lifecycle3.Steps to get started developing on AWS4.Fundamentals of working with the AWS SDKsAt the end of this module, you will complete the Exploring AWS CloudShelland an IDE lab.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 10 
8Module 3: Developing Storage SolutionsModule sections1.Introduction2.Introducing Amazon S33.Creating S3 buckets4.Working with S3 objects5.Protecting data and managing access to Amazon S3 resourcesModule labWorking with Amazon S3Module 3 covers the following topics:1.Introduction2.Introducing Amazon S33.Creating S3 buckets4.Working with S3 objects5.Protecting data and managingaccess to Amazon S3 resourcesAt the end of this module, you will complete the Working with Amazon S3 lab.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 11 
9Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud ResourcesModule sections1.Introduction2.Shared responsibility model3.Introducing AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)4.Authenticating with IAM5.Authorizing with IAMModule4covers the following topics:1.Introduction2.Shared responsibility model3.Introducing AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)4.Authenticating with IAM5.Authorizing with IAMAWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 12 
10Module 5
29Roles in cloud computing: DevOps engineerCharacteristics•Builds out the infrastructure that applications run on, often in the cloud•Follows the guidelines of the cloud architect•Prefers experimenting and trying things out rather than a lot of readingJob titles: DevOps engineer, reliability engineer, build engineerDevOpsengineersspend their time building out the infrastructure that applications run on. They often create or improve the code that installs and configures servers and application deployments. DevOps staff prefer to experiment and learn by doing. They create repeatable deployment solutions, and they work to apply engineering skills to the business needs of operations teams.Common job titles include DevOps engineer, reliability engineer, and build engineer.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 33 
30Roles in cloud computing: Cloud architectCharacteristics•Stays up to date with new technologies and helps decide which to use•Provides documentation, processes, and tooling to developers•Gives developers freedom to innovate•Common challenges include:•Resource management•Cost optimization•Defining best practices for performance, reliability, and securityJob titles: cloud architect, systems engineer, systems analystCloud architects spend their time reading and staying up to date with the latest developments and trends in cloud computing. They are responsible for the design architecture of applications and selecting which technologies should be used to meet the needs of a technical business objective. They should be aware of the capabilities of the many cloud service options that are available. Thus, they can decide which services to adopt, given a specific set of business requirements. Cloud architects provide guidance to developers through architectural diagrams and documentation. They also provide tooling, but they give the development team room to innovate if they meet the success criteria.Common challenges for the cloud architect role include resource management; cost optimization; and defining best practices for performance, reliability, and security.Typical job titles include cloud architect, systems engineer, and systems analyst.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 34 
31Roles in cloud computing: DeveloperCharacteristics•Writes, tests, and fixes code•Thinks about projects at the application level•Likes sample code•Works with APIs and SDKsJob titles: software developer, systems architect, software development managerAnother common role in cloud computing is the developer role. Developerslike to code. They work with the details—writing, testing, and fixing the code that makes an application work. Developers are likely to borrow ideas from sample code. They work with application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs).Common job titles include software developer, systems architect, and software development manager.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 35 
32AWS Certification examsRole-based certificationsFoundational levelAssociate levelProfessional levelSpecialty certificationsAWS Certification helps learners to build credibility and confidence by validating their cloud expertise with an industry-recognized credential. Certification helps organizations to identify skilled professionals who can lead cloud initiatives by using AWS.The slide shows the AWS Certifications that are currently available. To earn an AWS Certification, you must earn a passing score on a proctored exam. Each certification level for role-based certifications provides a recommended experience level with AWS Cloud services as follows:•Professional: two years of comprehensive experience designing, operating, and troubleshooting solutions using the AWS Cloud•Associate: One year of experience solving problems and implementing solutions using the AWS Cloud•Foundational: Six months of fundamental AWS Cloud and industry knowledgeThis course helps prepare you for the AWS Certified Developer –Associate examSpecialty certifications focus on a particular technical domain. The recommended experience for taking a specialty exam is technical experience in the domain as specified in the exam guide.AWS does not publish a list of all services or features that are covered in a certification exam. However, the exam guide for each exam lists the current topic areas and objectives that the exam covers. For exam guides and other preparation materials, see “AWS Certification exam preparation” at https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certification-prep/.The information on this slide is current as of October, 2024. However, exams are frequently updated, and the details regarding which exams are available—and what is tested by each exam—are subject to change. For the latest AWS Certification exam information, see “AWS Certification” at https://aws.amazon.com/certification/.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 36 
You are required to update your certification (or recertify) every 3 years. For more information on recertification, see “AWS Recertification” at https://aws.amazon.com/certification/recertification/.The final module in this course provides more information to supplement what you learn in this course. That module will also guide you in how to apply this knowledge toward achieving the AWS Certified Developer –Associate certification.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 37 
33Activity: AWS Documentation Scavenger HuntYou will now complete the AWS Documentation Scavenger Hunt.The purpose of this brief activity is to acclimate you to locating information in the AWS Documentation, which will support your learning experience throughoutthe course.We recommend bookmarking the AWS Documentation site for future use: https://docs.aws.amazon.com.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 38 
34AWS Documentation Scavenger Hunt1.Which section of the website contains links to the supported AWS SDKs and toolkits?2.How would you navigate to the method for creating an S3 bucket in the AWS SDK for Python (Boto3)?3.How would you navigate to the Getting Started topic in the AWS Documentation for IAM?4.Which section of the website has a tutorial on how to build a serverless application?5.Which section of the website provides a link to AWS technical whitepapers?https://docs.aws.amazon.comUse the AWS Documentation website at https://docs.aws.amazon.comto answer the following questions:1.Which section of the website contains links to the supported AWS SDKs and toolkits?2.How would you navigate to the method for creating an S3 bucket in the AWS SDK for Python (Boto3)?3.How would you navigate to the Getting Started topic in the AWS Documentation for IAM?4.Which section of the website has a tutorial on how to build a serverless application?5.Which section of the website provides a link to AWS technical whitepapers?AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 39 
35Module wrap-upModule 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud DevelopingIt’s now time to review the module.AWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 40 
36Module summaryIn summary, in this module, you learned to:•Identify course prerequisites and objectives•Recognize the café business case•Identify roles in cloud computing•Familiarize yourself with AWS documentationIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•Identify course prerequisites and objectives •Recognize the café business case •Identify roles in cloud computing•Familiarize yourself with AWS documentationAWS Training and Certification Module 1: Welcome to AWS Academy Cloud Developing © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 41 
