200-ACCDEV-20-EN-M06SG
<>
106
 of 106
+-<->
Fechar
92Begin Lab 6.1: Developing REST APIs with Amazon API Gateway~ 120 minutesIt is now time to start the lab.AWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 97 
93Lab debrief: Key takeawaysYour educator might choose to lead a conversation about the key takeaways from this lab after you have completed it.AWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 98 
94Module wrap-upModule 6: Developing REST APIsIt’s now time to review the module and wrap up with a knowledge check and discussion of a practice certification exam question.AWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 99 
95Module summaryIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•Recognize APIs•Describe API Gateway•Indicate the steps for developing REST APIs with API Gateway•Use API Gateway to create, publish, maintain, monitor, and secure APIsIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•Recognize APIs•Describe API Gateway•Indicate the steps for developing REST APIs with API Gateway•Use API Gateway to create, publish, maintain, monitor, and secure APIsAWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 100 
96Complete the knowledge checkIt is now time to complete the knowledge check for this module.AWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 101 
97Sample exam questionA developer is building a web application that uses API Gateway. The developer wants to maintain different environments for development and production (dev and prod) workloads. The API will be backed by a Lambda function with two aliases: one for dev and one for prod.How can the developer achieve this result with the LEAST amount of configuration?Identify the key words and phrases before continuing.The following are the key words and phrases:•Different environments•Dev and prod•Lambda function with two aliasesIt is important to fully understand the scenario and question being asked before even reading the answer choices. Find the keywords in this scenario and question that will help you find the correct answer.AWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 102 
98Sample exam question: ResponsesA developer is building a web application that uses API Gateway. The developer wants to maintain different environments for development and production (dev and prod) workloads. The API will be backed by a Lambda function with two aliases: one for dev and one for prod.How can the developer achieve this result with the LEAST amount of configuration?ChoiceResponseACreate a REST API for each environment, and integrate the APIs with the corresponding dev and prod aliases of the Lambda function. Then, deploy the two APIs to their respective stages, and access them by using the stage URLs.BCreate one REST API, and integrate it with the Lambda function by using a stage variable in place of an alias. Then, deploy the API to two different stages—dev and prod—and create a stage variable in each stage with different aliases as the values. Access the API by u\sing the different stage URLs.CCreate one REST API, integrate it with the dev alias of the Lambda function, and deploy it to a dev environment. Configure a canary release deployment for prod where the canary will integrate with the Lambda prod alias.DCreate one REST API, integrate it with the prod alias of the Lambda function, and deploy it to a prod environment. Configure a canary release deployment for dev where the canary will integrate with the Lambda dev alias.Now that we have bolded the keywords in this scenario, let us look at the answers.AWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 103 
99Sample exam question: AnswerThe correct answer is B.ChoiceResponseACreate a REST API for each environment, and integrate the APIs with the corresponding dev and prod aliases of the Lambda function. Then, deploy the two APIs to their respective stages, and access them by using the stage URLs.BCreate one REST API, and integrate it with the Lambda function by using a stage variable in place of an alias. Then, deploy the API to two different stages—dev and prod—and create a stage variable in each stage with different aliases as the values. Access the API by u\sing the different stage URLs.CCreate one REST API, integrate it with the dev alias of the Lambda function, and deploy it to a dev environment. Configure a canary release deployment for prod where the canary will integrate with the Lambda prod alias.DCreate one REST API, integrate it with the prod alias of the Lambda function, and deploy it to a prod environment. Configure a canary release deployment for dev where the canary will integrate with the Lambda dev alias.Look at the answer choices, and rule them out based on the keywords that were previously highlighted.The correct answer is B. Create one REST API, and integrate it with the Lambda function by using a stage variable in place of an alias. Then, deploy the API to two different stages—dev and prod—and create a stage variable in each stage with different aliases as the values. Access the API by using the different stage URLs.With deployment stages in API Gateway, users can manage multiple release stages for each API, such as alpha, beta, and production. Using stage variables that can be configured, an API deployment stage can interact with different backend endpoints. Users can use API Gateway stage variables to reference a single Lambda function with multiple versions and aliases.AWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 104 
100Additional resources•Videos: Serverlessland.com videos about API Gateway•AWS whitepaper: Security Overview of Amazon API Gateway•AWS Compute Blog: Announcing HTTP APIs for Amazon API Gateway•FAQ: Amazon API Gateway FAQs To learn more about the topics covered in this module, the following resources might be helpful:•Videos: Serverlessland.com videos about API Gateway(https://serverlessland.com/video?tag=Amazon%20API%20Gateway)•AWS whitepaper: Security Overview of Amazon API Gateway(https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/api-gateway-security.pdf)•AWS Compute Blog: Announcing HTTP APIs for Amazon API Gateway(https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/announcing-http-apis-for-amazon-api-gateway/)•FAQ: Amazon API Gateway FAQs(https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/faqs/)AWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 105 
101Thank youCorrections, feedback, or other questions?Contact us at https://support.aws.amazon.com/#/contacts/aws-academy.Thank you for completing this module.AWS Training and Certification Module 6: Developing REST APIs © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 106 
