200-ACCDEV-20-EN-M08SG
<>
82
 of 82
+-<->
Fechar
54Elastic Beanstalk simplifies container deploymentGetting started with Amazon ECS1.Create a task definition2.Create and configure a cluster including:•EC2 instances•VPC settings•IAM role definition3.Create a service to run and maintain a specified number of instances of a taskGetting started with Elastic Beanstalk1.Write a Dockerrun.aws.json file and provide your zipped code2.Select the platform for your language3.Launch your applicationElastic Beanstalk uses Amazon ECS to coordinate container deployments to multicontainerDocker environments. This coordination simplifies the task of getting up and running with containers. Elastic Beanstalk takes care of Amazon ECS tasks, including cluster creation, task definition, and running tasks. You can also continue to customize your Elastic Beanstalk environment as you experiment and learn more about working with containers. When you create an Elastic Beanstalk environment, Elastic Beanstalk provisions and configures all of the AWS resources necessary to run and support your application. In addition to configuring your environment's metadata and update behavior, you can customize these resources by providing values for configuration options.Elastic Beanstalk uses AWS CloudFormation to launch the resources in your environment and propagate configuration changes. The resources are defined in a template that you can view in the CloudFormation console.AWS Training and Certification Module 8: Introducing Containers and Container Services © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 58 
71Module summaryIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•Describe the history, technology, and terminology behind containers•Differentiate containers from bare-metal servers and VMs•Illustrate the components of Docker and how they interact•Identify the characteristics of a microservices architecture•Recognize the drivers for using container orchestration services and the AWS services that you can use for container management•Host a dynamic website by using Docker containers•Describe how Elastic Beanstalk is used to deploy containersIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•Describe the history, technology, and terminology behind containers•Differentiate containers from bare-metal servers and VMs•Illustrate the components of Docker and how they interact•Identify the characteristics of a microservices architecture•Recognize the drivers for using container orchestration services and the AWS services that you can use for container management•Host a dynamic website by using Docker containers•Describe how Elastic Beanstalk is used to deploy containersAWS Training and Certification Module 8: Introducing Containers and Container Services © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 76 
76Additional resourcesBlog posts•Building Container Images on Amazon ECS on AWS Fargate: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/building-container-images-on-amazon-ecs-on-aws-fargate/ •Developing Twelve-Factor Apps Using Amazon ECS and AWS Fargate: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/developing-twelve-factor-apps-using-amazon-ecs-and-aws-fargate/ •Amazon ECS Workshop: https://ecsworkshop.com/If you want to learn more about the topics covered in this module, you might find the following additional resources helpful:•Blog posts:•Building Container Images on Amazon ECS on AWS Fargate: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/building-container-images-on-amazon-ecs-on-aws-fargate/.•Developing Twelve-Factor Apps Using Amazon ECS and AWS Fargate: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/developing-twelve-factor-apps-using-amazon-ecs-and-aws-fargate/.•Amazon ECS Workshop: https://ecsworkshop.com/.AWS Training and Certification Module 8: Introducing Containers and Container Services © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 81 
77Thank youCorrections, feedback, or other questions?Contact us at https://support.aws.amazon.com/#/contacts/aws-academy.Thank you for completing this module.AWS Training and Certification Module 8: Introducing Containers and Container Services © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 82 
