200-ACCDEV-20-EN-M05SG
<>
78
 of 78
+-<->
Fechar
AWS Academy Cloud Developing Module 05 Student Guide Version 2.0.6 200-ACCDEV-20-EN-SG 
72Sample exam question: Response choicesA developer is creating a solution that will use an Amazon DynamoDB table. Anytime the table is updated, the changes must be sent to AWS Lambda. Lambda will then send a message to the Operations team when certain values exist.How could the developer modify the table to create this solution?ChoiceResponseACreate a global secondary index to speed up queries so the developer’s code can get faster results.BCreate a local secondary index to speed up queries so the developer’s code can get faster results.CEnable DynamoDB Streams on the table.DNone of the aboveNow that we have bolded the keywords in this scenario, let us look at the answers.AWS Training and Certification Module 5: Developing Flexible NoSQL Solutions © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 76 
73Sample exam question: AnswerThe correct answer is C.ChoiceResponseACreate a global secondary index to speed up queries so the developer’s code can get faster results.BCreate a local secondary index to speed up queries so the developer’s code can get faster results.CEnable DynamoDB Streams on the table.DNone of the aboveLook at the answer choices and rule them out based on the keywords that were previously highlighted.The correct answer is C. Enable DynamoDB Streams on the table.When DynamoDB Streams is enabled, the table will emit one of the four options to the stream:1.Keys only: Only the key attributes of the modified item2.New image: The entire item, as it appears after it was modified3.Old image: The entire item, as it appeared before it was modified4.New and old images: Both the new and the old images of the itemThe developer could select the New Image option, which writes update information to the stream. This Stream could then be associated with the target Lambda function. The Lambda function would receive update information that it could use to determine whether the Operations team must be notified.AWS Training and Certification Module 5: Developing Flexible NoSQL Solutions © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 77 
74Thank youCorrections, feedback, or other questions?Contact us at https://support.aws.amazon.com/#/contacts/aws-academy.Thank you for completing this module.AWS Training and Certification Module 5: Developing Flexible NoSQL Solutions © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 78 
