200-ACCDEV-20-EN-M04SG
<>
56
 of 56
+-<->
Fechar
42IAM scenario (6)Sofía and Mateo have now created the basic permissions structure that Sofía wanted. However, a few days later, Sofía decides that she wants to hire someone on a temporary contract basis, to work on a specific project. That person will need some access to develop an application that uses AWS services. Sofía also wants to temporarily grant additional database permissions to two members of the DBAdminsgroup to work on a project that uses Amazon RDS. However, she doesn't want to grant that additional access to all members of the DBAdminsgroup, who only need access to Amazon DynamoDB.In this scenario, the DBAdminsIAM group grants full access to the Amazon DynamoDB service, but doesn’t grant full access to the Amazon RDS service. A new project will require Wei and Ana to have access to Amazon RDS. Sofía decides that she can use IAM roles to grant the needed access.First, Sofía creates a TempDBRoleIAM role. She then attaches an IAM policy to that role that grants full Amazon RDS access. Finally, she temporarily attaches the role to two of the IAM users who are also part of the DBAdminsgroup, Wei and Ana. After the project is completed, she can remove them from membership in the role.Sofía also creates a TempDevRolerole. This role grants a more restrictive set of policies to a temporary staff member who was brought in to help work on a specific application. She defines a new IAM user that is named TempDev, but does not add the new user to the Developersgroup. Instead, she attaches the TempDevRoleto the TempDevuser. This way, temporary developers aren't granted the same broad account access as the permanent staff in the DevelopersIAM group. By defining this role, Sofía is also able to grant Ana, a DBAdminsgroup member, some temporary developer access so she can help with the project.AWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 47 
43Section 5 key takeaways•Permissions for accessing AWS account services and resources are defined in IAM policydocuments.•Attach IAM policies to IAM users, IAM groups,or IAM roles.•Follow the principle of least privilege when you grant account access.•When IAM determines permissions, an explicit denywill always override any allowstatement.The following are the key takeaways from this section of the module:•Permissions for accessing AWS account services and resources are defined in IAM policy documents.•Attach IAM policies to IAM users, IAM groups, or IAM roles. •Follow the principle of least privilegewhen you grant account access.•When IAM determines permissions, an explicit denywill always override any allowstatement.AWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 48 
44Module wrap-upModule 4: Securing Access to Cloud ResourcesIt’s now time to review the module and wrap up with a knowledge check and discussion of a practice certification exam question.AWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 49 
45Module summaryIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•Describe the AWS shared responsibility model•Explain how IAM helps secure access to AWS resources•Describe IAM user authentication•Identify how to authorize access to AWS services by using IAM users, groups, and rolesIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•Describe the AWS shared responsibility model•Explain how IAM helps secure access to AWS resources•Describe IAM user authentication•Identify how to authorize access to AWS services by using IAM users, groups, and rolesAWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 50 
46Complete the knowledge checkIt is now time to complete the knowledge check for this module.AWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 51 
47Sample exam questionA company is storing an access key (access key ID and secret access key) in a text file on a custom Amazon Machine Image (AMI). The company uses the access key to access DynamoDB tables from instances that are created from the AMI. The security team has mandated a more secure solution.Which solution will meet the security team’s mandate?Identify the key words and phrases before continuing.The following are the key words and phrases:•Storing an access key•On a custom Amazon Machine Image (AMI)•To access DynamoDB tables•More secure solutionIt is important to fully understand the scenario and question being asked before even reading the answer choices. Find the keywords in this scenario and question that will help you find the correct answer.AWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 52 
48Sample exam question: ResponsesA company is storing an access key (access key ID and secret access key) in a text file on a custom Amazon Machine Image (AMI).The company uses the access key to access DynamoDB tables from instances that are created from the AMI. The security team has mandated a more secure solution.Which solution will meet the security team’s mandate?ChoiceResponseAPut the access key in an S3 bucket, and retrieve the access key on boot from the instance. BPass the access key to the instances through instance user data. CObtain the access key from a key server that is launched in a private subnet. DCreate an IAM role with permissions to access the table, and launch all instances with the new role. Now that we have bolded the keywords in this scenario, let us look at the answers.AWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 53 
49Sample exam question: AnswerThe correct answer is D.ChoiceResponseAPut the access key in an S3 bucket, and retrieve the access key on boot from the instance. BPass the access key to the instances through instance user data. CObtain the access key from a key server that is launched in a private subnet. DCreate an IAM role with permissions to access the table, and launch all instances with the new role. The correct answer is D. Create an IAM role with permissions to access the table, and launch all instances with the new role.IAM roles for EC2 instances allow applications that run on the instance to access AWS resources without needing to create and store any access keys. Any solution that involves the creation of an access key also introduces the complexity of managing that secret.AWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 54 
50Additional resources•IAM FAQs at IAM FAQs•IAM Tutorials at https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/tutorials.html.•IAM Policy Reference at https://docs.aws.amazon.com/service-authorization/latest/reference/reference_policies_actions-resources-contextkeys.html.For more information about the topics covered in this module, see:•“AWS IAM FAQs” at https://aws.amazon.com/iam/faqs/.•“IAM Tutorials” at https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/tutorials.html.•“IAM Policy Reference” at https://docs.aws.amazon.com/service-authorization/latest/reference/reference_policies_actions-resources-contextkeys.html.AWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 55 
Thank youCorrections, feedback, or other questions?Contact us at https://support.aws.amazon.com/#/contacts/aws-academy.51Welcome to Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources.AWS Training and Certification Module 4: Securing Access to Cloud Resources © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 56 
