200-ACCDEV-20-EN-M12SG
<>
55
 of 55
+-<->
Fechar
43Module wrap-upModule 12: Developing Secure Applications on AWSIt’s now time to review the module and wrap up with a knowledge check and discussion of a practice certification exam question.AWS Training and Certification Module 12: Developing Secure Applications on AWS © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 48 
44Module summaryIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•List two aspects of securing applications•Recall how to authenticate with AWS STS•Describe how to build secure applications with Amazon Cognito•Secure part of a website with Amazon CognitoIn summary, in this module, you learned how to do the following:•List two aspects of securing applications•Recall how to authenticate with AWS STS•Describe how to build secure applications with Amazon Cognito•Secure part of a website with Amazon CognitoAWS Training and Certification Module 12: Developing Secure Applications on AWS © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 49 
47Sample exam question: Response choicesA developer is adding sign-up and sign-in functionality to an application. The application is required to make an API call to a custom analytics solution to log user sign-in events. Which combination of actions should the developer take to satisfy these requirements? (Select TWO.)ChoiceResponseAUse Amazon Cognito to provide the sign-up and sign-in functionality.BUse IAM to provide the sign-up and sign-in functionality.CInvoke an API Gateway method to make the API call that the post-authentication event initiates.DStore the database credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure Secrets Manager to automatically rotate the credentials.EInvoke a Lambda function to make the API call that the post-authentication event initiates.Now that we have bolded the keywords in this scenario, let us look at the answers.AWS Training and Certification Module 12: Developing Secure Applications on AWS © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 52 
49Additional resources•Blog posts•Amazon Cognito Groups and Fine-Grained Role-Based Access Control •Use AWS Secrets Manager to Simplify the Management of Private Certificates•Using ACM Private Certificate Authority in a Multi-Account Environment by Using IAM Roles•Disaster Recovery on AWS workshop•AWS Security Token ServiceTo learn more about the topics covered in this module, you might find the following additional resources helpful:•Blog posts:•Amazon Cognito Groups and Fine-Grained Role-Based Access Control: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-amazon-cognito-groups-and-fine-grained-role-based-access-control-2/.•Use AWS Secrets Manager to Simplify the Management of Private Certificates: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/use-aws-secrets-manager-to-simplify-the-management-of-private-certificates/.•Using ACM Private Certificate Authority in a Multi-Account Environment by Using IAM Roles: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/using-acm-private-certificate-authority-multi-account-environment-using-iam-roles/.•Disaster Recovery on AWS workshop•AWS Security Token Service: https://disaster-recovery.workshop.aws/en/services/security/iam/sts.html.AWS Training and Certification Module 12: Developing Secure Applications on AWS © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 54 
50Thank youCorrections, feedback, or other questions?Contact us at https://support.aws.amazon.com/#/contacts/aws-academy.Thank you for completing this module.AWS Training and Certification Module 12: Developing Secure Applications on AWS © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 55 
